Shizuku Package Installer
========================
A lightweight yet powerful package installer for Android.

Features
-------
- **Split APKs**: Install `.apks` files generated by `bundletool`. The installer will selects the most suitable split APKs, mimicking the logic of `bundletool install-apks`.
- **APK Dumps**: Install apps from zipped APK dumps (a zip file containing all base and split APKs from `pm path`).
- **Zipped APKs**: Install a single APK from within a ZIP archive.
- **Add Splits**: Add new split APKs to an existing application.
- **Remove Splits**: Remove split APKs from existing application.
- **Interactive Split Installation**: When installing an app that requires splits, user can progressively add more APK files without needing to package them into a single zip file beforehand.

User Experience
-------
- **Instant Preview**: Quickly view package information without slow copying or temporary extraction.
- **Detailed Info**: Displays the version name, API level, split type and detailed failure reasons.
- **Bypass Play Protect**: Skip the Google Play Protect security scan during installation.
- **Private Space Support**: Handles requests to install applications into Android 15 private space.
- **Default Handler**: Auto set itself as the default app for apk file type.
- **Zero Permissions**: Requires no standard Android permissions.
- **No Background Processes**: Does not spawn any processes.
- **Extremely Small**: The entire app is less than 500KiB in size.

License
-------
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
